Under Siege once more Israeli forces
surround a shifat hospital in Gaza City
trapping thousands
insides we're now besieged inside alifa
Hospital we're being heavily shot at the
occupation forces suddenly raided the
hospital as you can hear now there are
intense clashes going on we're hearing
sounds coming from the gate there is
shrapnel falling all over the hospital's
Courtyard at down as many Palestinians
prepared to begin the day of fasting for
Ramadan Israeli bombs feel near the
Hospital video shows dozens in a
desperate Escape From The
Compound the Israelis are shelling in
and around alifa Hospital the Army
circulated leaflets ordering all
civilians Sheltering in the hospital and
other un schools to evacuate and head
south we do not wish to move South we
want to stay
home aifa is the largest hospital in the
Gaza Strip it's a shield for thousands
of death spaced Palestinians seeking
Sanctuary from Israel's war the hospital
was previously invaded by Israeli forces
which alleged it was being used Hamas
Command
Center the Gaza Health Ministry
condemned the Israeli assault holding it
accountable for the well-being of
hospital staff patients and the death
placed inside the health Ministry
accused Israel again of approaching
International humanitarian law by
targeting hospitals and of using
fabricated narratives to justify their
actions Tark abum Al jazer Rafa Souther
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer